Adding  note for compound selector use cases (#27124)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/general_sibling_combinator/index.md

}
```

Things get a little tricky when the combinator is used to join two compound selectors meant to ensure the matching elements are both in the same hierarchy.

When there is a compound selector in the subsequent selector (right side of combinator), this entire subsequent selector must match UNDER the parent of the matching child in the preceding selector (left-side of combinator).

```css

> /* Will NOT match `span` as a sibling of `p` when both are decendants of `.foo` */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/* Will NOT match `span` as a sibling of `p` when both are descendants of `.foo` */
/* Will match  `span` descendant of `.foo` if that `.foo` is a sibling of `p` both nested in an ancestor `.foo` */
```

}
```

> Things get a little tricky when the combinator is used to join two compound selectors meant to ensure the matching elements are both in the same hierarchy.
> 
> When there is a compound selector in the subsequent selector (right side of combinator), this entire subsequent selector must match UNDER the parent of the matching child in the preceding selector (left-side of combinator).
> 
> ```css
> /* Will NOT match `span` as a sibling of `p` when both are descendants of `.foo` */
> /* Will match  `span` descendant of `.foo` if that `.foo` is a sibling of `p` both nested in an ancestor `.foo` */
> .foo p ~ .foo span {  
>   color: green;
> }
> ```
> 
> If the desired result is to ensure both elements match the same compound selector, the compound statement in the subsequent selector is unnecessary since it would be implied if it was a sibling of the matching element in the preceding selector.
> 
> ```css
> /* Will match `span` as a sibling of `p`; both must be decendants of `.foo` */
> .foo p ~ span {  
>   color: blue;
> }
> ```

Reviewer 2: Making a few suggestions here. @estelle feel free to chime in about what you think and please also check if my edits are technically accurate.

1. We might want to update the syntax from:

```css
former_element ~ target_element { style properties }
```

to:

```css
compound_selector1 ~ compound_selector2 { style properties }
```
2. Let's keep the original example as is and move it under an H3 heading called "Using the combinator with simple selectors". Existing "CSS", "HTML", "Result" will become H4. (would be ideal if we follow the order "HTML", then "CSS", and then "Result").

3. Create another H3 under "Examples" and call it "Using the combinator with compound selectors".

4. All the content proposed in the PR is related to the example. Let's move it under "Using the combinator with compound selectors" with the changes suggested below.

5. I've suggested simplifying the proposed text. I'd recommend moving the comments out of the code snippet and use them as explanation in the text.

6. I've borrowed the first para from the spec.

```suggestion
### Using the combinator with compound selectors

Elements represented by the two compound selectors share the same parent in the document tree. The element represented by the first compound selector precedes (not necessarily immediately) the element represented by the second one.

The example below shows that the second compound selector must match the parent of the first compound selector. 

#### HTML

```html
<h1>Dream big</h1>
<span>And yet again this is a red span!</span>
<div class="foo">
  <p>Here is another paragraph.</p>
  <span>A blue span</span>
  <div class="foo">
      <span>A green span</span>
  </div>
</div>
```

#### CSS

```css
.foo p ~ .foo span {
  color: green;
}

.foo p ~ span {
  color: blue;
}
```

#### Result

{{EmbedLiveSample("Using the combinator with compound selectors", "auto", 300)}}

In the above HTML, the two siblings of `.foo p`  are `span` and `.foo span`.

When the second compound selector is `span`, it selects the `span` element that is a sibling of `p` and both are descendants of `.foo`.

When the second compound selector is `.foo span`, it selects the `span` element that's a descendant of `.foo` if that `.foo` is a sibling of `p`; essentially, both are nested in an ancestor of `.foo`.

```

p ~ span {
  color: red;
}

.foo p ~ .foo span {
  color: green;
}

.foo p ~ span {
  color: blue;

> }

Reviewer 2: this can be removed and moved under a new heading as per the above comment

<p>Whatever it may be, keep smiling.</p>
<h1>Dream big</h1>
<span>And yet again this is a red span!</span>
<div class="foo">
  <p>Here is another paragraph.</p>
  <span>A blue span</span>
  <div class="foo">
      <span>A green span</span>
  </div>

> </div>

Reviewer 2: this can be removed and moved under a new heading as per the above comment
